Now let's take a moment to overhear what we learn in this section.
Up until now in this section we've taken a very close look at Spring Application Lifecycle and how everything
is brought together seamlessly by Spring Framework for any Boot application.
Then we went in-depth with dependency injection and inversion of control.
We discussed what the issue with the software development and how spring tackle this problem in its
own way.
We analyzed application of properties and application that YAML files and considered our alternatives
for different environments and different setups.
We checked outsprint configuration and holstering provides us another great way to configure our application.
Then with spring profiles we discovered a beautiful way to separate our application environments and
dependencies whenever we need taking a look back on what we've done in this section.
Well Khowar a lot of great aspects of our fundamental springboard application development scenario.
If you're ready to get hands on with spring and see and start developing with spring in no time then
I'll see on the next section.